in 2077 the earth is left with only two
people
jack and victoria 50 years ago aliens
came to invade the earth
they directly destroyed the moon and it
severely affected the earth
in the end humans have defeated the
aliens but the cost was too high the
earth environment was destroyed
people decided to move to another place
to live built a command center in space
called tet and created hydroelectric
plants at sea to supply energy
45 years later people have left entirely
but the building still needed to do the
work
to prevent the remaining aliens on earth
from damaging the power plants
humans have used automated spacecrafts
to protect them jack and victoria have
to stay on earth to repair them
their numbers were both 49 the two had
lost a portion of their memory so they
could not reveal the secrets to aliens
one morning a loud bang appeared jack
flew the plane there when he discovered
that the aliens had exploded the
hydroelectric works
at this time victoria gave jack a signal
he quickly reached the source of the
signal
after dissecting the signal victoria
discovered that it was a coordinate
maybe the aliens were calling for backup
jack quickly cut the signal and left
he went to the little house by the lake
jack was trying to remember his family
but in the distance there was a loud
noise he looked up at the sky to
discover something
jack immediately went to check he
thought that was an alien spaceship
but when he came to check it out there
were all human hibernation pod inside
among them there was a girl he often
dreams of jack did not know who the girl
was and did not expect her to appear one
day
when he was extremely surprised a
spaceship appeared outside
after checking one of them they killed
the people in the hibernation pods
jack couldn't understand why the robot
did it they went to jack to check
jack was blocking in front of the girl
so when the spacecraft found out that it
was him
it left jack also saved the girl and
brought her back and woke her up
she is julia he told julia she had been
in the spaceship for more than 60 years
he even told julia what happened during
this time but julia didn't tell them
where she came from
the next day julia asked jack to take
her to the place where she was
hibernated
she found a memory recorder but
unfortunately they have insulted the
aliens
finally jack was knocked out by them
when he regained consciousness he found
himself tied in the dark
he thought that he was captured by an
alien but when the light was turned on
he discovered that the one who captured
him was a human the leader told jack
that the real alien tricked jack
actually humans have lost the battle so
they always have to avoid the aliens
they wanted jack to help them destroy
tet but he refused
jack doesn't believe them then jack and
julia were released
he took julia to the signal tower to
inform victoria he then signaled to send
the spacecraft to pick them up
while waiting for the spaceship julia
told jack everything
60 years ago suddenly ted appeared near
the earth the u.s wanted to check it out
so they sent jack
victoria and julia and the others jack
and julia used to be husband and wife
jack's memories began to appear more and
more he remembered the image of himself
proposing to julia
in the end the two people hugged each
other victoria saw everything
her heart was broken after the two
returned
so
still attacked eventually the spacecraft
fell into the ground
when jack went out he saw a spaceship it
was exactly like jack's spaceship
there was one person who went out to
check the damaged spacecraft
he went up to stop but the person looked
just like him at this time julia
appeared and distracted the other
jack immediately rushed to beat him
eventually he was beaten to fainting but
unfortunately
julia was shot now jack has to find
treatment equipment
then jack discovered that the jack
earlier was number 52 and his number was
surely they are clones because the
aliens wanted them not to see each other
they lied to them jack tied up his
50-second clone and boarded his
spaceship to base 52.
he found the therapeutic device and met
the 52nd victoria
he asked her to leave with him but she
refused jack returned to find julia when
found that the 50-second copy has
disappeared
he rushed to rescue julia and took her
to the house by the lake
jack told julia that he was just a clone
but she felt that if he has the same
ideas
he is still jack that night the two were
together the next day they both went to
the human place
they decided to help humans attack the
tet the leader said that when tet
finished attacking the earth the aliens
sent jack to destroy the human race
then they used spaceships and bases to
take all the earth's resources
the leader found jack because he saw
jack saved julia he was a good man
then jack reinstalled the spaceship now
the spacecraft rushed to attack their
base
eventually the spacecraft was destroyed
but everyone was also seriously injured
julia suggested that jack must take her
to tet after all
they asked to just bring julia then they
wouldn't attack jack could only agree
julia has now entered the hibernation
room he brought her to find aliens
on the way he remembered everything it
turned out that jack and victoria had
been awakened at that time
they discovered tet and at that moment
jack was only able to launch the
hibernation back to earth but the two
were sucked in
jack arrived he was unobstructed so he
went inside
jack saw countless clones of himself and
victoria the spacecraft gradually moved
inside
jack opened the hibernation pod and
released the leader outside
it turns out jack took julia to the
house by the lake he and the leader
pressed the button together to lead the
explosion
causing pet to explode aliens were
finally unable to attack the earth
anymore
julia regained consciousness to see the
explosion in the sky and understood
everything
three years have passed julia has always
lived by the lake
she gave birth to a cute little girl
that day a crowd of people came
the 52nd jack was also in it for the
past three years he has been looking for
julia
seeing that face julia felt both scared
and cheerful
her jack is back